# Introduction to Data Visualization (DT103,DT103V)

https://www.isa.org/products/introduction-to-data-visualization-dt103

https://www.isa.org/products/introduction-to-data-visualization-dt103v-virtual

Візуалізація є важливою технікою, яка дозволяє отримати цінну інформацію та візуально перевести її у формат, відповідний для конкретного випадку використання. Цей курс вивчає різні форми візуалізації, які дозволяють даним стати цінною інформацією.

**Length:** 1 day

**CEU Credits:** .7 (ISA is authorized by IACET to offer .7 CEUs for this program.)

**Certification of Completion:** A certificate of completion indicating the total number of CEUs earned  will be provided upon successful completion of the course.

**Description**

Visualization is an important technique allowing valuable information to be received  and translated visually in the appropriate format for a particular use  case. This course explores the various forms of visualization that  enable data to become valuable information. 

The course will begin with an overview of visualization by covering the  different types of analytics used for visualization, including  descriptive and diagnostic portals.  

Students will learn the various types of digital twins and how digital twins are used for visualization. Essential considerations for successful digital twin implementations will also be presented. 

Students will learn how extended reality is used for visualization, including  augmented virtual, and mixed reality. Specific examples of how the  various forms of extended reality are used will be presented.  

The course will also explain mobility and wearable devices for  visualization. Students will explore the use of these devices and learn  why they are essential for visualization. 

Finally, the course will present successful visualization project use cases and the associated business value generated. 

This course is recommended for:

·    Automation professionals engaged in designing, implementing, and operating visualization solutions 

·    Digital transformation managers working with OT data 

·    Automation software providers wishing to expand their enterprise-based offerings 

·    IT professionals tasked with implementing enterprise-based visualization solutions 

·    People tasked with procurement of OT visualization solutions and needing a  background in visualization fundamentals to make more informed  technology decisions



**Upon completion of this course, you will be able to:**

**Section 1: Introduction to Visualization**

·    List the various types of visualization

·    Explain why visualization is important

·    Compare and contrast the various forms of visualization and where organizations can best use each type of visualization

 

**Section 2: Digital Twins**

·    Define what a digital twin is

·    List the various types of digital twins

·    Explain why digital twins are important

·    Explain the various digital twin design considerations and why they are essential to a successful digital twin implementation

·    Apply the various implementation tips to your organization

 

**Section 3: Extended Reality**

·    List the various forms of extended reality

·    Explain why extended reality is a vital visualization tool

·    Explain the main characteristics of VR and the main barriers to the adoption of VR

·    Explain the main aspects of AR and the main barriers to adopting AR

·    List some real-world industrial applications of AR

·    Explain what MR is and the main barriers to adopting MR

·    Distinguish the main differences between VR, AR, and MR

 

**Section 4: Mobility and Wearables**

·    Explain what mobility is and why it is important for the visualization of data

·    List some mobile devices and the main functions of mobile device management

·    Identify the key characteristics of mobile sensors

·    Differentiate the three types of mobile development 

·    Explain what is occasionally disconnected and why it is important in the industrial environment

·    Appraise how mobility could be used in an industrial environment

·    Explain what wearables are and why they are important

·    Differentiate between mobility and wearables

·    List different wearable devices and the various barriers to adopting wearables

 

**Section 5: Visualization Use Cases**

·    Explain the value of the excursion management portal 

·    Explain the value of industrial AR with wearables 

·    Explain the value of the risk dashboards 

·    Explain the value of the digital twin for corrosion management

 

**Course Prerequisites:**

There are no prerequisites; however, general knowledge of communication  essentials for industrial automation systems may be helpful. In  addition, the course developer also recommends the ISA Introduction to  IIoT – the Industrial Internet of Things (DT101) course.